hi guys i'm back with another developer
story but this time we're going to keep
it really short because it's got nothing
extremely new to show you but i'm just
going to confirm the updates here and
talk about some of the things i have
started working on and you might be
seeing in the coming week just let's
just start off here by loading her yep
the last time I demonstrated I i used a
Nord but this time I've got an imperial
I have implemented all aging effects on
all male human races so you don't have
to worry about picking one specific race
if you want to test this mod out because
now it works for everyone and there's
people who are worried about the facial
hair growth and whatnot don't stress it
because it own there's the facial hair
thing only affects you if your character
already does not have a beard so if you
have a beard your beard will not be
replaced and unfortunately won't grow
but um let's have a look I've got an
imperial this time let's do the same
thing we did last time show player age
21 set player H 239 alright set game
days passed to 369 I should cover it yep
as you can see he grew a little bit of a
beard and he became middle-aged to
please ignore the you are now one years
old that's a small glitch I'll have to
work out but it shouldn't happen if you
age naturally it's just reading the
script wrong but it's working fine here
and as you can see each each race gets
it gets a unique beard everybody grows a
unique beer there's not the same beard
for every race as you can see here and
I've got the the dynamic scarring
working here as well let's say that this
unfortunate
Imperial got into a bit of a battle and
got a couple of scars and then he ages
let's turn him into an elder game days
passed to 9000 yep I just need to get
into some good lighting some tree in the
way I don't know if you can see it but
he's pretty messed up he's got scars all
across his face and of course I'm still
improving the scarring system but it
will be pretty intense when some done
with it but as you can see that's all
working fine here and it will be for
every male humanoid humanoid not for the
females yet will be working than that
very shortly so anyway on to the next
thing i want to show you oops to load a
load my main guy up in the next updates
which will probably be here early sort
of mid next midweek next week will be
changing the aging system to be dynamic
there for things like sleeping eating
and just being a general douchebag in
battle can actually affect your aging
you can look 50 years old when you're in
fact 20 you can look 20 when you're 50
it all depends on how well you look
after yourself the aging system will be
completely dynamic you will still what
say age normally but the aging effects
can come in a lot sooner if you don't
look after yourself this is always going
to implement this in today's update but
I just didn't have time to affect the
script but it is working and it has been
tested but i'm going to show you now
I've got here my main character he's a
beast he's sure game days past
okay 55 days have passed since I've used
him so he's still 21 I know it seems
kind of stupid as he looks like he's a
hundred but that's it wound level 22 and
let's set a player age to 39 and let's
set game days passed to 369 as you can
see he didn't nothing happen to his
beard but he still got his wounds okay
so he's still pretty messed up so don't
worry about that if you've got your
beard and you don't want to miss it you
shouldn't be home you'll still have it
you'll still get the scars though and
this will work with every save game so
don't worry about that also this is what
I want to show you this was supposed to
be in this week's update but I didn't
get time to finish it so let's just dumb
Bobby the bar / what do you need I did
some voice work I don't know if we went
through but if if you can hear it I
apologize I'm not the greatest a voice
actor so fantastic what kind of shave do
you have in mind cleave unto me or would
you like he's six o'clock shadow to
impress the lady friends then you can of
course go clean trim or stubble uh scope
clean but of course Shifu little babies
daughter coming the right up yes you can
also uh and fast it okay that is going
to make you look
handsome okay uh well of course it
doesn't work yet because he will be laid
he is in this day he is in this patch
but he's inactive he's kind of ugly
looking at glitchy we have to fix him he
will have his own barbershop and he will
need he will become a very important he
will become one of your best friends
because your beard will grow on a
regular basis if you decide to play
without a beard every three three to
four weeks you will have grown a full
beard so get used to this fella he'll be
your best friend the cloud is big moving
anyway apart from that and you know I'm
gonna just wrap it up you guys have any
questions leave a comment don't forget
to subscribe if you want to follow the
progress of this mod we've got just
recently recruited a few few more
developers some professionals don't work
on this mod so and I earn expect to be
seeing a lot more O'Neill room
especially from other people as well
they'll be posting on this creating
their own developer Diaries and posting
it on this very channel so anyway thank
you guys i hope you like what you see so
far bye bye